Add webhook support (#66)
wso2-ballerina/module-github: githubwebhook3/Module.md

Registers a GitHub webhook.

# Module Overview

> This module allows programmatically registering a [GitHub webhook](https://developer.github.com/webhooks/), 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module allows registering a [GitHub webhook](https://developer.github.com/webhooks/) programmatically 
```

> to subscribe to GitHub events one is interested in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to subscribe to interested GitHub events.
```

Author: Is this the normal pattern? We don't say who is interested/sound likes the events are what is interested?

Reviewer: Saying "one" doesn't sound formal. When we say "to subscribe to interested GitHub events.", it is implied that we are referring to the person who is subscribing as the one who is interested.

The webhook callback is represented by a service that listens on a listener of type `githubwebhook3:Listener`.

> The resources allowed in this service map to possible GitHub events (e.g., `onIssueCommentCreated`, 

Reviewer: The resources are allowed to do what? It is not clear.

Author: Only a set of pre-defined resources are allowed in this service.

`onIssueCommentEdited`, `onIssuesAssigned`, `onIssuesClosed`, etc.). 
The first parameter of each resource is the generic `websub:Notification` record. The second parameter of each 

> resource is a `record` mapping the `json` payload that is expected for each event (e.g., `githubwebhook3:IssueCommentEvent`, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
resource is a `record`, mapping the `json` payload that is expected with each event (e.g., `githubwebhook3:IssueCommentEvent`, 
```

> `githubwebhook3:IssuesEvent`, etc.).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`githubwebhook3:IssuesEvent` etc.).
```
You don't add a comma afetr the last item in the list when you have "etc.".

Author: Isn't a comma required when there is no conjunction?

Reviewer: Sorry, my bad. +1 to have this comma.

> This module supports the following functionality:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This module supports the following functionalities:
```

Author: I believe "functionality" is correct here, "functionality" is used in a plural sense too.

@praneesha WDYT?

Reviewer: If we have multiple functionalities, we need to use the plural form of it.

> - Programmatic subscription (requires a GitHub access token), alternatively a webhook can also be registered via the UI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Programmatic subscription (requires a GitHub access token). Alternatively, a webhook can also be registered via the UI.
```

- Authenticated content distribution (if a webhook was registered specifying a secret, signature validation would 

> be done for each content delivery request)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
be done for each content delivery request.)
```

> - Data binding of the `json` payload for each event to a `record` mapping the same

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For each event, binding data of the `json` payload to a `record`, mapping the same. 
```

Author: Data binding was used here as a technical term. Will add a comma after event.

- Programmatic response to all content delivery requests - an appropriate response is sent for all content delivery 

> requests, prior to dispatching them to the relevant resource

Reviewer: ```suggestion
requests prior to dispatching them to the relevant resource.
```

Better to have full stops as all these bullet points are complete sentences.

## Compatibility
|                             |       Version               |
|:---------------------------:|:---------------------------:|
| Ballerina Language          | 0.990.3                     |

## Sample

First, import the `wso2/githubwebhook3` module into the Ballerina project.

```ballerina
import wso2/githubwebhook3;
```

> **Obtaining the Access Token to Run the Sample**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Obtaining the Access Token to run the Sample**
```

> 1. In your [GitHub profile settings](https://github.com/settings/profile), go to **Developer settings -> Personal access tokens**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In your [GitHub profile settings](https://github.com/settings/profile), click **Developer settings**, and then click **Personal access tokens**.
```

> 2. Generate a new token with at least the `admin:repo_hook` scope for webhook related functionality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Generate a new token with at least the `admin:repo_hook` scope for webhook-related functionality.
```

> This access token needs to be specified when specifying the subscription parameters as the service annotation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This access token needs to be specified when configuring the subscription parameters of the service annotation.
```

```ballerina
@websub:SubscriberServiceConfig {

>    path:"/webhook",

Reviewer 2: Seems like 3 spaces were used to align this annotation. Shall we add 4 spaces?

```suggestion
    path: "/webhook",
```

    subscribeOnStartUp: true,
    hub: githubwebhook3:HUB,
    topic: "https://github.com/<GH_USERNAME>/<GH_REPO_NAME>/events/*.json", // for all events
    secret: "<SECRET>",
    subscriptionClientConfig: {
        auth: {
            scheme:http:OAUTH2,
            accessToken:"<GH_ACCESS_TOKEN>"
        }
    }
}
```

> Introducing a service as follows, with `subscribeOnStartUp` set to `true` in the service annotation, would result in 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Introducing a service as follows, with the value of the `subscribeOnStartUp` parameter set to `true` in the service annotation would result in 
```

> a subscription request being sent to the `githubwebhook3:HUB`, for the specified topic. If successful, GitHub would send a 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a subscription request being sent to the `githubwebhook3:HUB` for the specified topic. If successful, GitHub would send a 
```

> `ping` request, that could be received by introducing an `onPing` resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ping` request that could be received by introducing an `onPing` resource.
```

Additionally, the following sample code also accepts notifications when an issue is opened (`onIssuesOpened`) and 
when the repository is starred (`onWatch`).

```ballerina
import ballerina/http;
import ballerina/io;
import ballerina/websub;
import wso2/githubwebhook3;

listener githubwebhook3:WebhookListener githubListener = new(8080);

@websub:SubscriberServiceConfig {

>    path: "/webhook",

Reviewer 2: Seems like 3 spaces were used to align this annotation as well. Shall we add 4 spaces?

```suggestion
    path: "/webhook",
```

    subscribeOnStartUp: true,
    hub: githubwebhook3:HUB,
    topic: "https://github.com/<GH_USERNAME>/<GH_REPO_NAME>/events/*.json", // for all events
    secret: "<SECRET>",
    callback: "<CALLBACK_URL>", // only needs to be specified if not http(s)://<HOST>:<PORT>/<path>
    subscriptionClientConfig: {
        auth: {
            scheme: http:OAUTH2,
            accessToken: "<GH_ACCESS_TOKEN>"
        }
    }
}
service githubWebhook on githubListener {

    resource function onPing(websub:Notification notification, githubwebhook3:PingEvent event) {
        io:println("[onPing] Webhook Registered: ", event);
    }

    resource function onIssuesOpened(websub:Notification notification, githubwebhook3:IssuesEvent event) {
        io:println("[onIssuesOpened] Issue ID: ", event.issue.number);
    }

    resource function onWatch(websub:Notification notification, githubwebhook3:WatchEvent event) {
        io:println("[onWatch] Repository starred by: ", event.sender);
    }
}
```

Now, every time an issue is opened in the repository or when the repository is starred, a content delivery request 

> will be received at the relevant resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
will be received by the relevant resource.
```
